[Music]
to add store J as a storage you go to
settings storage add new and choose
store J when you click on store J You'll
see several fields that need to be
filled out the first step is to give
your storage a name this can be anything
that helps you identify the storage next
decide whether you want to share this
storage source with others or keep it
private for your use only now choose
whether to give us read only or read
access read only lets you view and
import
content read WR lets you both import and
upload videos this is great if you want
to send videos back to store J or upload
directly from The Cutting Room reporter
app when you've done this you need to
find the rest of the information in
store J I'm going to quickly show you
how to do it first things first go ahead
and log into your store J account once
you're logged in take a look at the left
hand sidebar you'll see an option called
browse click on that if you haven't
created a bucket yet don't worry we're
about to do that
now click new bucket you'll need to pick
a bucket
name now you have to create an access
key on your left sidebar find access key
and new access key create a name for
your access key then choose the access
type application is optional then choose
the the access configuration you'd like
now you see the application key be sure
to copy this information and save it
somewhere safe because it will only show
up once with that application key ready
let's head back to Cutting
Room first enter your bucket name then
you need to go back to the document you
saved the access key in and copy the
access key ID and secret key ID you can
also enter a root folder but this is
optional
if you've given us readon permission you
can go back to the editor and you'll
find your store J bucket in the source
player this will allow you to view and
import files from the bucket into your
project if you've given us read write
permission you are given two options you
can either go back to storj and create a
folder within the bucket you
created or you can just create one by
entering distribution in the settings
click on storj and enter a display name
and a bucket path bucket path is the
name of the folder that will end up in
storj if you have already made a bucket
in storj then you just enter the name of
the folder here once that is done go
back to your project render the project
and you'll see an option under storj to
export your rendered files directly to
your storj bucket the folder will appear
in wasabi when the first video is
uploaded lastly we'll connect Cutting
Room reporter to your storj storage
under record and upload destination
select your store J bucket here you only
have to enter your destination name
choose the storage and then the folder
for the videos this is the folder you
made in store J you can also choose
video resolution frame rates and allow
camera
orientations now any videos you record
using Cutting Room reporter will upload
straight into that bucket
[Music]